---
title: Motown The Musical
date: 2017-01-09 12:22:00 Z
permalink: "/motown"
categories:
- Shows
layout: post
img-url: https://ucarecdn.com/f977ccad-c941-42e9-a796-0fd9c9959101/-/crop/1400x699/0,0/
card-img: http://img1.superbreak.net/content/images/cms/cms-show/motown-tab-compressor.jpg
show-snip: The songs and stories of Motown under Berry Gordy.
book-url: http://www.superbreak.com/theatre/motown_musical-london-189
from-price: "£99"
---

Experience the magic of Motown on a Super Break Motown The Musical Theatre Break!


## About Motown The Musical

Featuring an incredible selection of Motown’s most recognisable hits, Motown The Musical is certain to have audiences dancing in the aisles. World-conquering songs including ‘Dancing In The Street’, ‘Ain’t No Mountain High Enough’ and ‘I Heard It Through The Grapevine’ are just a few of the 50 hits that appear in the show performed by an eighteen piece orchestra. A treat for music-lovers and theatre fans alike, Motown The Musical at London’s Shaftesbury Theatre is simply not to be missed.


## The Story

With a story spanning a number of decades, Motown The Musical tells the amazing tale of the man who broke down the barriers and fought against all odds to define a generation. Discover the story behind the sound that changed opinions, touched lives and took the world by storm.

Set to much-loved hits from the Motown era, follow the unlikely success story of once aspiring boxer and Motown record label founder Berry Gordy as he discovers talents like Smokey Robinson, The Supremes, Marvin Gaye and Michael Jackson. With a story spanning a number of decades, the audience will discover the truth of Motown’s rise to fame, and the personal dramas behind the soundtrack of a generation.


## Why Book Motown The Musical with Super Break?

We at Super Break have been providing short breaks within the UK and Europe for over 30 years, and have built up relationships over this time to get our customers the best deals on offer. On a Motown the Musical theatre break with Super Break, you can save up to 30% with our top price saver tickets, meaning you get one of the best seats in the house and great deal on your ticket & hotel package.


## Awards & What Do The Critics Think?

Motown The Musical received four Tony Award nominations, one of which for best orchestration. Patricia Wilcox, who oversaw the choreography received an Astaire award for Outstanding Choreographer of a Broadway Show in 2013.

"Something close to rapture spreads through the audience" the New York Times recalls, while CBS defines it as "More than a Broadway show... a celebration of music that transformed America". According to the Hollywood Reporter, "There's no denying the power and energy of the show's arsenal of killer tunes. There's an enormous kick of watching them perform live that no iPod playlist can match".
