---
title: The Lion King
date: 2017-01-09 12:22:00 Z
permalink: "/lion-king"
categories:
- Shows
layout: post
img-url: https://i.ytimg.com/vi/-pgZtzDj_7o/maxresdefault.jpg
card-img: http://img1.superbreak.net/content/images/cms/cms-show/new-lion-king-main-logo-1017.jpg
show-snip: Disney's legendary Lion King takes to the stage in a spectacular visual
  showcase.
book-url: http://www.superbreak.com/theatre/lion_king-london-12
from-price: "£99"
---

## About Disney’s The Lion King

Be transported to the Serengeti plains with a Lion King theatre break to see the wonderful music and magic of the famous Disney Musical. Celebrating a staggering 16 years in London, the show is famous for its funky African rhythms, incredible puppetry and special effects that bring the jungle to life on stage.

## The Story

The Lion King begins with a huge musical celebration – born to the King of the Jungle Mufasa, Simba is the new hope and heir to his father’s throne. Not everyone is happy; Simba’s jealous Uncle Scar laments his lost chance to be king and plots to kill both Mufasa and Simba. As we watch Simba grow up – with a little help from his friends Timon and Pumbaa – he must finally decide whether to return to the kingdom and try to reclaim his rightful place as The Lion King.

## History of Disney’s The Lion King

Twenty years after the incredibly popular film, The Lion King lives on at London’s Lyceum Theatre. With a string of awards and an incredible soundtrack that is as fantastic as it is familiar, The Lion King is a huge hit with both audiences and critics, with over 75 million people worldwide having seen and fallen in love with this spectacular production.

Please note: Children under 3 years of age are not permitted to enter the Lyceum Theatre. The Lion King is recommended for ages 6 and up. Parents/guardians may be asked to remove persistently noisy or rowdy children. All persons aged 16 or under must be accompanied by an adult and may not sit on their own within the auditorium. All persons entering the theatre, regardless of age, must have a ticket.
